Soffer symbols iterators and generators in this module I'm coming back to something you might already
know.
Promises now promises have been all over the place with Chello script in the last couple of years.
So you might almost think they already were built in but they actually weren't.
There was no native promis support in Chalo script is fine.
And you were oftentimes simply using POLLI falls or other libraries like Cheikh where your q famous
promise library to work with them but what are promises in the first place.
They are a useful object a helper to work with asynchronous tasks like they are.
Name well implies they give us a promise that they will give us back some data sometimes in the future
.
The data isn't there yet.
That's the nature of asynchronous tasks right.
And we know we will get back data so we can continue with our code and we specify a function on our
promise to do something with the data whenever we get it back.
And one reason why promises were so popular or are so popular is that it was to escape call hell which
basically means that the other way to handle asynchronous tasks is to nest thousands of coal bags within
each other.
But with prominences you simply specify what you want to do if something comes back and then you continue
anyways and you can also change promises very conveniently without having to nest everything 1000 levels
deep.
So thats a theory.
Lets have a look at them.